SEARCH	
If you are a new visitor to our site, please scroll down this page for important information regarding the Assessor transactions.

Assessor's Office Disclaimer: The Clark County Assessor's Office makes every effort to produce and publish the most current and accurate information possible.  No warranties, expressed or implied, are provided for the data herein, its use, or its interpretation.  The assessed values are subject to change before being finalized for ad valorem tax purposes.  The Assessor parcel maps are for assessment use only and do NOT represent a survey.  The Assessor parcel maps are compiled from official records, including surveys and deeds, but only contain the information required for assessment.  See the recorded documents for more detailed legal information.

(Notice:  Occasionally, some Assessor files are closed for routine maintenance and may be unavailable for a few minutes.) 

Road Document Listing Inquiry: Information on roads and other right-of-way parcels may be obtained by one of the links under the Road Document Listing.  You must have either an 11-digit parcel number or the recorded document number to use the Road Document Listing transaction.  You can also obtain the Road Document Listing in either of the Assessor's Office locations.

Viewing Assessor Maps:

Maps are viewed using Adobe Reader.  It will take approximately two (2) minutes or longer for the map files to load using Adobe Reader.

 

Real Property Records
 Parcel Number
 Owner Name
 Address
 Subdivision Name
 Subdivision Owners
 Parcel Type/Book & Pg
 Parcel Number Tree
Assessor Maps
 Parcel Maps Inquiry
 Tax District Maps
 Parcel Book Index Map
 Parcel Map Index
 Parcel Activity
Manufactured Housing Records
 Owner Name
 Address
 Account Number
 Parcel Number
Business Personal Property Records
 Business Name
 Address
 Account Number
 Parcel Number
​  Declaration Information
Road Document Listing
 Parcel Number
 Document Number
Recorded Documents
 Document Number
Recorded Maps
 Book/File/Page Number
Building Sketches
 Parcel Number
 

 

Quick Look-up


Assessor's Office
Services
FAQ
Forms
Video Library
Contact Us
About Us
Property Records
Statistics/Reports
Aircraft Assessment
Assessment Roll
Personal Property
General Information
Manufactured Homes
Parcel Info & Maps
Real Property
Tax Rates
